=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::jQuery - Include jQuery in your distribution

=head1 VERSION

version 0.01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 [jQuery]
 version = 1.8.2
 minified = both

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin fetches jQuery from the Internet
using L<Resource::Pack::jQuery> and includes it into your distribution.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

=head2 version

The jQuery version to download.  Defaults to 1.8.2 (the default may
change in the future).

=head2 minified

Whether or not the JavaScript should be minified.  Defaults to both.
Possible values.

=over 4

=item * yes

=item * no

=item * both

=back

=head2 dir

Which directory to put jQuery into.  Defaults to public/js under
the same location of your main module, so if your module is 
Foo::Bar (lib/Foo/Bar.pm), then the default dir will be 
lib/Foo/Bar/public/js.

=head2 location

Where to put jQuery.  Choices are:

=over 4

=item build

This puts jQuery in the directory where the dist is currently
being built, where it will be incorporated into the dist.

=item root

This puts jQuery in the root directory (The same directory
that contains F<dist.ini>).  It will also be included in the
built distribution.

=back

=item cache

Cache the results so that the Internet is required less frequently.
Defaults to 0.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 $plugin-E<gt>gather_files

This method places the fetched jQuery sources into your distribution.

=head1 CAVEAT

If you bundle jQuery into your distribution, you should update the copyright
section to include a notice that bundled copy of jQuery is copyright
the jQuery Project and is licensed under eitherthe MIT or GPLv2 license.
This module does not bundle jQuery, but its dependency L<Resource::Pack::jQuery>
does.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Resource::Pack::jQuery>

=head1 AUTHOR

Graham Ollis <perl@wdlabs.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Graham Ollis.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

